you guys Yoshi my Kristen so kill
minecraft custom stuff as you can see
creative it's friggin awesome it's it's
lagging up and my company is bringing
crappy without the best really it's not
awesome and pretty bad exit so alright
let's see my solo because I don't like
when uh people are in my world I like
destroy stuff so look this are funny I
did is I create instead of grading
credits help create and that's gonna be
pretty that's gonna be pretty funny
obsidian I'm sitting is pretty pretty
easy to make you just gotta pour water
on lava I think it is yeah I'm ready
sure hits that how you do that
morrow alright let me see let me see
can you imagine detonating this much TNT
I can't believe they gotta have my
crafts gotta get an update where they
have nukes
because nukes are freaking awesome like
there's still a lot of stuff that the
Xbox 360 version doesn't have then that
can PC does like the computer has
freaking oh my gosh computer has so much
they have they have like obsidian armor
I think it's like a purple armor that's
above like diamonds so it'd be pretty
cute it'd be pretty cute alright let's
see let's see the other stuff let's see
the other stuff ah boy I never did that
I don't know what the hell that's doing
so oh man this is creepy
yo guys jokes here and today and I'm
showing you my weirdo it's gonna be
pretty sweet is you all my custom rooms
and stuff it's gonna be oh so
what has that like I'm playing solo I
don't know I don't know what that is
that's like white eyes it kind of looks
like Steve I don't know I don't know if
it's gonna be like really scary or
something or if he's in like up here
behind me or something guys jokes
showing you another killer clip of my
entire house
my whole thing is that the hell who is
that I don't know I'm playing solo but
that's kind of weird
oh yeah that was really weird about the
friggin signs I was kind of creepy dude
uh-huh I don't know who this guy is
whoa what the heck he teleported that
was really weird
fort here as you can see is pretty
badass I took me my friends a while my
friends gone right now I don't know
where he is uh he left the game so
that's about it my folks that ladies and
gentlemen is what happened